---
description: Incremental static build capability is now available. Activate it to improve page loading time.
tags: [webops]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

# Improvement in page loading time with Incremental Static Build

WebOps now supports **Incremental Static Build (ISB)**, a hybrid server-side and client-side rendering solution. With ISB, only part of the pages are generated during the website build; the others are generated as shoppers start visiting them. 

In practice, the first user to load a page triggers its generation. And, once the first load completes, the final page is cached. Then, **all subsequent visitors receive the cached version of that page immediately** and experience an optimized page loading time.

:::info
This feature is strongly recommended for stores with thousands of SKUs since generating all SKU pages during the website build may be very time-consuming.
:::

## What has changed?

To improve the loading time of SKU pages, you can now activate Incremental Static Build for your FastStore project. Part of the store's pages will be generated in each build, but the SKU pages will follow the Incremental Static Build behavior described above. 

:::caution
Keep in mind that:
- Each deploy resets all pages generation status, which will then have to be requested by a user in order to be generated again.
- Once a page is generated it will not be re-generated by external content changes. For example, if you edit a given product's description text in the VTEX platform, you must deploy a new website version in order for the page to be generated with the updated description text.
:::

## What needs to be done?

In order to activate this capability, follow these steps, according to the framework used in your project.

### Gatsby

1. Make sure your server-side rendered pages returns the following cache-control headers:
```
'cache-control': 's-maxage=31536000, stale-while-revalidate',
```
2. Set the following variable to `true` on your `vtex.env` file:
```env title="vtex.env"
USE_STALE_CACHE=true
```

### Next.js

1. Make sure to use `getStaticProps` and `getStaticPaths` APIs.
2. Set the following variable to `true` on your `vtex.env` file:
```env title="vtex.env"
USE_STALE_CACHE=true
```
