---
description: Improved WebOps build time 
tags: [webops]
---

# Optimized WebOps build time

We updated the WebOps infrastructure to improve the building time by providing a unified system for building and serving nodejs apps on WebOps.

## What has changed?

### WebOps Unified Build 

WebOps Unified Build is a new unified system for WebOps builds that generates the new '.webops' folder to reduce data and improv the building time. 
This system also includes a new `faststore` builder that is responsible for building both Gatsby v3/Gatsby v4/Next.JS 12 projects into the `.webops` folder.

The `.webops` folder is the only one uploaded to [HyperCas](https://github.com/vtex/hyper-cas), and contains:

- The necessary code to run dynamic portions of the code (lambda functions).

- The necessary files for serving using [Nginx](https://www.nginx.com/), as well as a `nginx.conf`.

- The necessary setup for running nodejs containers locally.

The WebOps Unified Build reduces build and deployment overhead as you can see
on the table below:

| Store  |  Before |  After |
|---|---|---|
| `gatsby.store`  |  13m | 5m  |
| `nextjs.store`  | 6m  | 5m  |

### Framework cache for Next.JS projects
Next.JS projects now have infrastructure for caching which improves response times and reduces the number of requests to external services. 

After the implementation of caching `next build` times were decreased from 63s to only 34s `nextjs.store`.

## Why did we make these changes?

The goal of these improvements is to reduce WebOps overhead by enhancing the generation, saving, and deploying of compilation artifacts while also decreasing build time.

## What needs to be done?

- **WebOps Unified Build**: Nothing. This improvement is already available for all WebOps users. 

- **Framework cache for Next.JS projects**: Go to the `vtex.env` of your project and 
check the configuration for WebOps build caching:

```
USE_NODE_MODULES_CACHE=true
USE_FRAMEWORK_CACHE=true
```