# Agenda for July 17th PoC Update

## Agenda Items

1. Welcome

2. Change of meeting time
- We will change the time of our weekly update meeting to Thursday 18:00, replacing the current IO Brainstorm meeting. 

3. Carousel
- We've added a carousel without hurting performance
- First naive try dropped score from 99 to 50
- After improvements, back to 96ish

4. Load more
- The code for "Load More" button, including data fetching, is lazy loaded.
- Pagination in load more is actually always one page ahead of what you're seeing

5. Question about getting data client-side in search results
- Are we able to get price and availability client-side when we pre-render the search result?
- We might need that for Grocery - getting dynamic product details on search results

6. RC 
- We were able to add RC to the page without performance hit

7. GTM & Analytics
- We were able to add Analytics without a performance hit
- However, when we added GTM, everything went to hell

8. Issues in repository vtex-gatsby
- Everything we want to test
- If you have any idea about something to test, create an issue

9. Geraldo asked questions
- Why not preload in hover on the carousel?
A: We're using the browser lazy loading
- About client side price in search result, we do need it
A: Yes. Alternative is to load entire search result in client
- Why not use Biggy?
A: We were testing SSG, not search. 
- About performance after tag manager, after carousel, checking every time. Is it possible to make it in a way to test only the component?
A: Component performance depends on context and usage
- About server side GTM, could we test it ourselves?
A: We could.

10. Back-end: building and serving with Knative
- Service mesh - control plane
- kubectl proxy - gives us access to kibana (logs for all services), grafana, zipkin tracing
- kubectl apply - deploys service with scale to zero
- Build: node that listens to GitHub webhooks and runs build, stores files in S3 per branch
- Serve: nginx serves from S3 - with scale to zero

11. Geraldo asks questions
- Can the nginx be multi tenant?
A: Yes, we need to test.

12. Next week
- Gimenes wants to test:
- Category/search result page
- Above the fold/below the fold without hurting layout shift
