---
description: VTEX Headless CMS previews now require authentication by default
tags: [cms]
---

# VTEX Headless CMS previews are now private by default

Following the next successful push to your store's repository default branch, the VTEX Headless CMS preview available at `https://gatsby-preview-vtex-sites--<your-account-here>-store.vtex.io` will require users to authenticate to VTEX.

In order to access the preview, users will need to have access to the `myvtex.com` domain of that specific account. This can be done either through the build environment variable `GATSBY_STORE_ID` in the `vtex.env` file, or the `api.storeId` entry exported by the `store.config.js` configuration file.

## What has changed?

Previously, CMS previews were published to public URLs by default. Now, they are private by default, requiring authentication to VTEX.

## Why did we make these changes?

CMS previews may contain sales promotions and product launches that are not yet available to the general public. This change aims to prevent unauthorized access to such content while also making the platform more secure.

## What needs to be done?

Every CMS preview is now private by default. However, to be able to log in and view the private previews, you must install the `vtex.faststore-auth` app in your account. To do this, run the following command:

```
vtex install vtex.faststore-auth
```

:::info
If, for any reason, you need your CMS previews to be accessed by the public or third-party solutions, you may disable authentication by adding `USE_CMS_PREVIEW_AUTH=false` to your repository's `vtex.env` file.
:::
