---
description: WebOps previews are now private by default.
tags: [webops]
---

# WebOps previews are now private by default

Users will now need to authenticate to **VTEX** in order to access **WebOps** previews generated for pushed commits in a **FastStore** repository. 

To access the deploy previews, users will need to have access to the `myvtex.com` domain of the **VTEX account** indicated either in the `GATSBY_STORE_ID` from the `vtex.env` file or the `api.storeId` entry exported by the `store.config.js` file.

#### What has changed?

Previously, WebOps previews were published to public URLs by default. Now, they require VTEX authentication and are private by default.

#### Why did we make these changes?

Deploy previews may include changes to your storefront and new features that are not yet available to the general public. They may also trigger false *phishing* alerts since they are the same website hosted on a development domain. This change aims to prevent unauthorized access to such content while making the platform more secure.

#### What needs to be done?

Every new deploy preview will be private by default. However, to be able to log in and access the private previews, you must install the `vtex.faststore-auth` app in your account. To do this, run the following command:

```
vtex install vtex.faststore-auth
```

If, for any reason, you need your FastStore previews to be accessed by the public or third-party solutions, you may disable authentication by adding `USE_DEPLOY_PREVIEW_AUTH=false` to your project's `vtex.env` file. 